I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Aquarium
Peppa is feeding Goodie the fish.
Dinner time, Goodie.
Oh, Goodie isn't eating.
She looks a bit sad.
I think she is lonely.
She hasn't got any fish friends.
Maybe Goodie could visit the aquarium.
What's the aquarium?
The aquarium is a place
where there are lots of fish.
Shall we go to the aquarium, Goodie?
That means "Yes"!
The family have brought Goodie the fish
to the aquarium.
I hope we can find Goodie a friend.
I'm sure we will, Peppa.
The aquarium has every type of fish.
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
Hello. How many tickets, please?
Two grown-ups and two children.
And one of fish, please.
The fish goes free.
Does the aquarium have every type of fish?
Oh, yes! Probably.
Good! We're looking for a friend for Goodie.
Well, I hope you find one.
Enjoy the aquarium.
Thank you!
The first room has a tank full of little fish.
Fishy!
Wow! There are many inns of teeny fish.
Fish, fish, fish, fish, swim in the sea.
Who will be a fish friend for my fish Goodie.
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Could any of these be Goodie's friend?
Hmm. no! They are too small.
Let's see what fish are in the next room.
OK!
Here is Candy Cat and her family.
Hello, Candy.
Hello, Peppa.
What are you doing here?
We come here all the time.
It's better than watching TV.
We like fish.
We've come to find a friend
for Goodie the fish.
Oh!
What's in this tank?
I can't see anything.
Oh-ho! Daddy Pig,
there's a fish can frighten you.
Where?
Woo!
It is a very big fish.
Wow!
Do you think this fish could be
a friend for Goodie?
No! It is too big!
Never mind.
Let's go to the next room.
What's in this tank?
Dinosaur! Grrr…
George thinks he has seen a dinosaur.
It's not a dinosaur, George.
It's a funny kind of fish,
called a seahorse.
You know lots about fish?
Yes! I like fish.
Can the seahorse be Goodie's friend?
Er…no! It's too dinosaury!
One more room to go!
Oh, what's in this tank?
Nothing! It's just green slime. Erk!
That green slime is algae.
There must be some sort of fish in here! Woo!
There's a fish with big long ears.
It's a rabbit fish.
It is Miss Rabbit,
wearing a diving costume.
Woo!
She's cleaning the fish tank.
Miss Rabbit is saying Hello.
It is difficult to talk under water.
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
That was the last fish tank.
Oh, we haven't found a friend for Goodie.
What's in the next room?
This is the aquarium café.
Oh, goody! My favourite room.
Hello, Peppa.
Did you find a friend for Goodie?
No! Oh, who's that?
That's just Ginger, my pet gold fish.
He loves the aquarium.
Ho! Ho! It looks like
Goodie's found a friend after all.
Goodie isn't lonely anymore.
Hooray!
And Goodie can visit Ginger
any time she wants.